[WIP] AAP-585 Importing CA certificates for automation mesh (#351)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/proc-import-mesh-ca.adoc

[id="proc-import-mesh-ca_{context}"]

= Importing a Certificate Authority (CA) certificate

> A Certificate Authority (CA) is used to verify and sign individual node certificates in an {AutomationMesh} environment. Users who wish to provide their own CA can do so by specifying the path to the certificate and the private RSA key file in the `inventory` file of their {PlatformName} installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Certificate Authority (CA) is used to verify and sign individual node certificates in an {AutomationMesh} environment. You can provide your own CA by specifying the path to the certificate and the private RSA key file in the `inventory` file of your {PlatformName} installer.
```

> NOTE: Users are not required to have a CA prior to their {AutomationMesh} installation. Users without a CA can proceed with their {PlatformNameShort} installation where the installer will generate a CA for the user using OpenSSL.

Reviewer 2: again, my mistake, but we don't use openssl as a backend. It uses the golang crypto library to generate CA, certs, and keys. I think we can just end the statement with "for the user".

.Procedure

. Open the `inventory` file for editing.

> . Add the `mesh_ca_keyfile` variable and specify the full path to the CA certificate file (.crt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the `mesh_ca_keyfile` variable and specify the full path to the CA certificate file (`.crt`).
```

Reviewer: Could this also be a `cacerts` file?

> . Add the `mesh_ca_certfile` variable and specify the full path to the private RSA key (.key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the `mesh_ca_certfile` variable and specify the full path to the private RSA key file (`.key`).
```

[id="proc-import-mesh-ca_{context}"]

= Importing a Certificate Authority (CA) certificate
A Certificate Authority (CA) is used to certify and sign execution nodes in an {AutomationMesh} environment. Users who wish to provide their own CA can do so by specifying the path to the certificate and the private RSA key file in the `inventory` file of their {PlatformName} installer.

NOTE: Users are not required to have a CA prior to their {AutomationMesh} installation. Users without a CA can proceed with their {PlatformNameShort} installation where the installer will generate a CA for the user using OpenSSL.

.Prerequisites
To import your own CA certificate, it must meet the following requirements:

* asdasd
* asdasd

.Procedure

> * In the `inventory` file, add the following variables and specify a path to both the certificate file (`.crt`) and the private RSA key (`.key`), following the example below:

Reviewer: I feel like this could be broken into steps.

. Open the `inventory` file for editing.
. Add the `mesh_ca_keyfile` variable and specify the full path to the CA certificate file (`.crt`).
. Add the `mesh_ca_certfile` variable and specify the full path to the private RSA key (`.key`).
. Save the changes to the `inventory` file.

Author: This is a much elegant way to structure this. Thanks Don!

[id="proc-import-mesh-ca_{context}"]

= Importing a Certificate Authority (CA) certificate

> A Certificate Authority (CA) is used to certify and sign execution nodes in an {AutomationMesh} environment. Users who wish to provide their own CA can do so by specifying the path to the certificate and the private RSA key file in the `inventory` file of their {PlatformName} installer.

Reviewer 2: `is used to certify and sign execution nodes` might not be the right terminology. 

maybe `is used to verify and sign individual node certificates in an {AutomationMesh} environment`

NOTE: Users are not required to have a CA prior to their {AutomationMesh} installation. Users without a CA can proceed with their {PlatformNameShort} installation where the installer will generate a CA for the user using OpenSSL.

.Procedure

. Open the `inventory` file for editing.
. Add the `mesh_ca_keyfile` variable and specify the full path to the CA certificate file (.crt).
. Add the `mesh_ca_certfile` variable and specify the full path to the private RSA key (.key).
. Save the changes to the inventory file.

.Example
[subs="+quotes"]
----
[all:vars]
mesh_ca_keyfile=/tmp/__<mesh_CA>__.key
mesh_ca_certfile=/tmp/__<mesh_CA>__.crt
----

> With the CA files added to the inventory file, run the installer to apply the CA. This process copies and stores the CA on each control node on your network. By default, the certfile and keyfile will be added to `/etc/receptor/tls/ca/`.

Reviewer 2: My mistake, it will copy the CA to each node (control and execution nodes) on the mesh.

> .Optional: Assigning CA certificates to individual nodes

Reviewer 2: the usage of `mesh_node_certfile` should not be documented at this time.
